git-archive-file: add page (#5960)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-archive-file.md

# git archive-file

> > Copy the current Git branch into a zip archive.

Reviewer: thoughts?
```suggestion
> Export all the files of the current Git branch into a zip archive.
```

Author: Seems ok, however copy is easier to read

Reviewer: 'Tis, but export is more descriptive ;)

Author: @marchersimon thoughts?

Reviewer 2: `Export` is better, also I think it should say `current Git commit` @bl-ue

Author: ```suggestion
> Export all the files of the current Git commit into a zip archive.
```

Reviewer 3: Couldn't we just leave out `all the files of`, so we just have:
`Export the current Git commit into a zup archive` ?

Author: I personally say no, since to me, exporting a commit would be just taking the most recent commits changes.

Reviewer: I agree with you @navarroaxel.  @CleanMachine1 branches in Git are really simply pointers to commits, and nothing else.  You can also be checked out on a commit, `e.g. git checkout a1b2c3d`, which is called _detached HEAD._  [This StackOverflow article](https://stackoverflow.blog/2021/04/05/a-look-under-the-hood-how-branches-work-in-git/) I found very explanatory.

Reviewer: I was thinking of `all the files of` because, as @CleanMachine1 pointed out, it may not be obvious to a new user that it's exporting the entire tree.

Author: Can I have a suggestion to add, or tell me which

Reviewer 3: I think @bl-ue's original suggestion is fine.

> > Copy current checked-out branch into a zip archive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Copy the current Git branch into a zip archive.
```

> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-archive-file>.

> - Copy HEAD branch into a zip archive:

Reviewer 2: `HEAD` is a pointer to the current branch, check: `cat .git/HEAD`.
Do you want to say `last commit` or copy the current working dir with files edited but not committed yet?

Author: git archive-file just take a full copy of the current branch you are checked out on (HEAD).

Reviewer 2: You can say `the HEAD` but no everyone knows that means `the current branch`.
But in this case is not `the current HEAD` because you can be in a tag, or a detached commit, so:
```suggestion
- Archive the current commit into a zip archive:
```

Author: I think that should be 

> Archive the current branch

Reviewer: Yeah, we have issues regarding this Git studff.  I assume it takes a [commit-ish](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitglossary#Documentation/gitglossary.txt-aiddefcommit-ishacommit-ishalsocommittish)?

Author: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5960/commits/c3bbf9be5f81a319e1593a01745fa4b6087c5247

Reviewer 4: Hrm. I would suggest something like this:

```suggestion
- Pack the currently checked out commit into a zip archive:
```

Reviewer: A branch is really nothing in it of itself, it's just a pointer to a commit, so @sbrl's suggestion is correct. See [this](https://stackoverflow.blog/2021/04/05/a-look-under-the-hood-how-branches-work-in-git/) for a great explanation.

Author: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5960/commits/5284ad6fa74e5e1e6e9c35776c2de5818f794f1f
